# packages in environment at /home/labuser/anaconda3/envs/mg:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
_sysroot_linux-64_curr_repodata_hack 3                   h5bd9786_13    conda-forge
alsa-lib                  1.2.7.2              h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.36.1               h193b22a_2    conda-forge
biom-format               2.1.12           py38h71d37f0_1    conda-forge
blast                     2.13.0               hf3cf87c_0    bioconda
bowtie2                   2.2.5            py38h8c62d01_8    bioconda
brotli                    1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.12.14           hbcca054_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            ha61ee94_1013    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.8.30          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
checkm-genome             1.2.1              pyhdfd78af_0    bioconda
click                     8.1.3            py38h578d9bd_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.83.1               h7bff187_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
dendropy                  4.5.2              pyh3252c3a_0    bioconda
entrez-direct             16.2                 he881be0_1    bioconda
expat                     2.4.8                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
fastqc                    0.11.9               hdfd78af_1    bioconda
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.0               hc2a2eb6_1    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fonttools                 4.37.1           py38h0a891b7_0    conda-forge
fraggenescan              1.31                 hec16e2b_4    bioconda
freetype                  2.12.1               hca18f0e_0    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
future                    0.18.2           py38h578d9bd_5    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         12.1.0              hea43390_16    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          h73d1719_1008    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    12.1.0              h1db8e46_16    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h36c2ea0_2    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         12.1.0              hea43390_16    conda-forge
h5py                      3.7.0           nompi_py38h045baee_101    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  5.1.0                hf9f4e7c_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.12.2          nompi_h2386368_100    conda-forge
hmmer                     3.3.2                h87f3376_2    bioconda
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
idba                      1.1.3                         1    bioconda
jpeg                      9e                   h166bdaf_2    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_15    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.4.4            py38h43d8883_0    conda-forge
kraken-biom               1.2.0              pyh5e36f6f_0    bioconda
kraken2                   2.1.2           pl5321h9f5acd7_2    bioconda
krb5                      1.19.3               h3790be6_0    conda-forge
krona                     2.8.1           pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
lcms2                     2.12                 hddcbb42_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.36.1               hea4e1c9_2    conda-forge
lerc                      3.0                  h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h166bdaf_7    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcups                   2.3.3                h3e49a29_2    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.83.1               h7bff187_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.10                 h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc                    7.2.0                h69d50b8_2    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     12.1.0              h1ec3361_16    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.1.0              h8d9b700_16    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            12.1.0              h69a702a_16    conda-forge
libgfortran5              12.1.0              hdcd56e2_16    conda-forge
libglib                   2.72.1               h2d90d5f_0    conda-forge
libgomp                   12.1.0              h8d9b700_16    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.16                 h516909a_0    conda-forge
libidn2                   2.3.3                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.47.0               hdcd2b5c_1    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.21          pthreads_h78a6416_3    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               h753d276_4    conda-forge
libsanitizer              12.1.0              ha89aaad_16    conda-forge
libsqlite                 3.39.3               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.10.0               haa6b8db_3    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  12.1.0              h1ec3361_16    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.1.0              ha89aaad_16    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.4.0                h0fcbabc_0    conda-forge
libunistring              0.9.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h7f98852_1000    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.4                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.14               h22db469_4    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.12               h166bdaf_3    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               8.0.1                hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                h9c3ff4c_1    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.5.3            py38h38b5ce0_2    conda-forge
maxbin2                   2.2.7                he1b5a44_1    bioconda
munkres                   1.1.4              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
numpy                     1.23.3           py38h3a7f9d9_0    conda-forge
openjdk                   17.0.3               h85293d2_2    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.5.0                h7d73246_1    conda-forge
openmp                    8.0.1                         0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1w               hd590300_0    conda-forge
packaging                 21.3               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.4.4            py38h47df419_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.50.9               hc4f8a73_0    conda-forge
pcre                      8.45                 h9c3ff4c_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.37                hc3806b6_1    conda-forge
perl                      5.32.1          2_h7f98852_perl5    conda-forge
perl-archive-tar          2.40            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-base                 2.23            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-business-isbn        3.007           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-business-isbn-data   20210112.006    pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-carp                 1.50            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-common-sense         3.75            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-bzip2   2.201           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-compress-raw-zlib    2.202           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-constant             1.33            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-data-dumper          2.183           pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-digest-hmac          1.04            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-digest-md5           2.58            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-encode               3.19            pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-encode-locale        1.05            pl5321hdfd78af_7    bioconda
perl-exporter             5.74            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-exporter-tiny        1.002002        pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-extutils-makemaker   7.64            pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-file-listing         6.15            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-file-spec            3.48_01         pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-html-parser          3.78            pl5321h9f5acd7_0    bioconda
perl-html-tagset          3.20            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-http-cookies         6.10            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-daemon          6.14            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-date            6.05            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-message         6.36            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-http-negotiate       6.01            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
perl-io-compress          2.201           pl5321h87f3376_0    bioconda
perl-io-html              1.004           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-io-socket-ssl        2.075           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-io-zlib              1.11            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json                 4.09            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-json-xs              2.34            pl5321h9f5acd7_5    bioconda
perl-libwww-perl          6.39            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils       0.430           pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-list-moreutils-xs    0.430           pl5321hec16e2b_1    bioconda
perl-lwp-mediatypes       6.04            pl5321hdfd78af_1    bioconda
perl-lwp-simple           6.39            pl5321h9ee0642_5    bioconda
perl-mime-base64          3.16            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-net-http             6.22            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-net-ssleay           1.92            pl5321haa6b8db_1    conda-forge
perl-ntlm                 1.09            pl5321hdfd78af_5    bioconda
perl-parent               0.238           pl5321hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
perl-pathtools            3.75            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-scalar-list-utils    1.63            pl5321h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
perl-socket               2.027           pl5321hec16e2b_3    bioconda
perl-time-local           1.30            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-timedate             2.33            pl5321hdfd78af_2    bioconda
perl-try-tiny             0.31            pl5321ha770c72_0    conda-forge
perl-types-serialiser     1.01            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-uri                  5.12            pl5321hdfd78af_0    bioconda
perl-url-encode           0.03            pl5321h9ee0642_0    bioconda
perl-www-robotrules       6.02            pl5321hdfd78af_4    bioconda
pillow                    9.2.0            py38ha3b2c9c_2    conda-forge
pip                       22.2.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
popt                      1.16              h0b475e3_2002    conda-forge
pplacer                   1.1.alpha19          h9ee0642_2    bioconda
prodigal                  2.6.3                hec16e2b_4    bioconda
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
pyparsing                 3.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.19.1           py38h8bf8b8d_0    bioconda
python                    3.8.13          h582c2e5_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.8                      2_cp38    conda-forge
pytz                      2022.2.1           pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
r-base                    4.1.3                ha8c3e7c_2    conda-forge
r-bitops                  1.0_7             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-catools                 1.18.2            r41h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-gplots                  3.1.3             r41hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gtools                  3.9.3             r41h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_20           r41h742201e_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1.2                h0f457ee_0    conda-forge
rsync                     3.2.3                hfa40b15_4    conda-forge
scipy                     1.9.1            py38hea3f02b_0    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
setuptools                65.3.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
spades                    3.14.1               h95f258a_2    bioconda
sqlite                    3.39.3               h4ff8645_0    conda-forge
sra-tools                 2.9.6                hf484d3e_0    bioconda
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_15    conda-forge
tar                       1.34                 ha1f6473_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 hb7b940f_3    conda-forge
trimmomatic               0.39                 hdfd78af_2    bioconda
unicodedata2              14.0.0           py38h0a891b7_1    conda-forge
wget                      1.20.3               ha56f1ee_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-fixesproto           5.0               h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-inputproto           2.3.2             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.7.2                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h7f98852_1    conda-forge
xorg-libxfixes            5.0.3             h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
xorg-libxi                1.7.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.2.1                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxtst              1.2.3             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-recordproto          1.14.2            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xxhash                    0.8.0                h7f98852_3    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.12               h166bdaf_3    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h6239696_4    conda-forge
